document `includeFoxxQueues` attribute and persist it (#8351)
arangodb/arangodb: Documentation/Books/Manual/Administration/MasterSlave/DatabaseSetup.md

*true*, changes in system collections will be replicated. Otherwise, they will not be replicated. 
It is often not necessary to replicate data from system collections, especially because it may 
lead to confusion on the slave because the slave needs to have its own system collections in 

> order to start and keep operational. Please note that there is a seperate option 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
order to start and keep operational.

{% hint 'warning' %}
There is a separate option
```

*includeFoxxQueues* for controlling whether Foxx queue jobs from the system collections `_jobs` 
and `_queues` collections should be replicated. Documents from these collections are not replicated
by default in order to avoid execution of Foxx queue jobs on the slave. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% endhint %}

```
